hello everybody today i am going to show
you what i have as far as my sump is
concerned because i want to try to do as
much as i can to prevent the nitrates
and try to prevent to the best of my
ability any hair algae growing in my
newly established or reestablish
aquarium so let's take a look at what I
have currently going on in there as you
can see I have some quedo going on in
here alright that is supposed to be for
nitrate and phosphate removal okay i
also have attached to it to buzz band
reactors this one right here is actually
the GF o again for phosphates and then
behind it I have another one
running carbon
I have a lights of America 65 watt pc
over the tank and of course here is
euroleague rs80 skimmer that is
currently running on in this up along
with as you can see this needs to be
replaced and I will be doing so today a
filter sock
from what I've been reading I am going
to attempt to in this area where the
Cato is growing I'm going to attempt to
add some live sand so as to further
increase the natural biological
filtering and hopefully keep my nitrates
or get my nitrates down to where they
should be on a consistent basis also I
have ordered a new swc cone skimmer that
I am hoping is going to get my system to
where I want it for future growth
because right now the rs80 is not
sufficient enough for a well-stocked 90
gallon tank okay so because of the
limited room that I have in my sump I
figured that this would be and the money
because this skimmer was a pretty good
price considering what you could play
for a skimmer and I've been doing some
research and everybody who has it really
likes it of course there is the live
sand that I am wanting to use and i
think i'm going to try it because of
this baffle right here I measured it and
it's about six inches
so what I'm thinking is I'm probably
going to try to give for maybe four and
a half inches of live sand in this area
and from there it goes back about
thirteen and a half inches or even a
little bit more than that so I'm going
to attempt to do that and I'm going to
have to as you can probably see them and
have to lower the rate of water going
through this up so it's not as as heavy
so it doesn't blow all the sand around
so that's my project for today I'll
probably give you another quick little
video to show what the skimmer is doing
as it starts breaking in and things of
that nature so this is Wesley for
signing out and I'll see you later